Upgraded ray version, installation instructions that work with python 3.9 and 3.10 (#127)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/contributors/index.md

You can develop Jupyter AI on any system that can run a supported Python version up to and including 3.10, including recent Windows, macOS, and Linux versions. Python 3.11 is **not supported** due
to incompatibility with the [ray](https://pypi.org/project/ray/) library that we use.
If you are using an Apple Silicon-based Mac (M1, M1 Pro, M2, etc.), and you see an error when using
Python 3.10, try installing version 3.9 instead.

If you use `conda`, you can install Python 3.10 in your environment by running:

```

> conda install python=3.10

Reviewer: Please reinstate instructions about how to use 3.10, because 3.11 is not fully supported by Ray on any OS.

:::

## Development install

> After you have gone through the prerequisites, create a new conda environment and activate it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have installed the prerequisites, create a new conda environment and activate it. 
```

```
conda create -n jupyter-ai python=3.10
conda activate jupyter-ai
```

This command must be run from the root of the monorepo (`<jupyter-ai-top>`).

```
# Move to the root of the repo package
cd <jupyter-ai-top>

# Installs all the dependencies and sets up the dev environment
./scripts/install.sh
```

> Start and launch JupyterLab in your default browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start and launch JupyterLab in your default browser:
```

:::

## Development install
This command must be run from the root of the monorepo (`<jupyter-ai-top>`).

```
cd <jupyter-ai-top>

> ./scripts/install.sh

Reviewer 2: There needs to be a preceding paragraph that tells developers to create a new Conda environment w/ Python 3.10.

Reviewer 2: Python 3.11 incompatibility should be highlighted in the user and contributor docs with a warning banner.

Reviewer: Example admonition:

```
:::{important}
:name: python-3-11-not-supported
Because the version of Ray that Jupyter AI uses is not compatible
with Python 3.11, please use a supported version of Python up to
and including Python 3.10.
:::
```
